README.md, before:

# Disclaimer

Utititools--when used incorrectly--can be used as a cheat tool for Fortnite. If you choose make bad choices, I am not legally or morrally responsible.

**Please make good choices.**

# Description

Utilitools is a simple tool I made to easily modify the files in fortnite allowing the user to place what are commonly known as "dev builds".

# How to use

I'll make this later, for right now I'm just gonna say: If you cant figure out, you dont deserve to use it.

Im using it for testing, you should also probably be using it for testing.

# Offsets

If you are just here for the offsets here they are.

(This is just the .json file located in `/src-tauri/src/offsets.json`)

```
{
      "name": "full",
      "search": "CNoneSiz8StaicMshComponent0PBWA_M1_DoorC",
      "offset": "107A2169",
      "on": {
        "value": "61"
      },
      "off": {
        "value": "6F"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "titan",
      "search": "CNoneSiz3StaicMshComponent0PBWA_W1_Archway",
      "offset": "10717970",
      "on": {
        "value": "6F"
      },
      "off": {
        "value": "61"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "hubo",
      "search": "CNoneSiz6StaicMshComponent0PBWA_W1__PSCS",
      "offset": "10897164",
      "on": {
        "value": "61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 62 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 62 62 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61"
      },
      "off": {
        "value": "43 4E 6F 6E 65 53 69 7A 36 53 74 61 69 63 4D 73 68 43 6F 6D 70 6F 6E 65 6E 74 30 50 42 57 41 5F 57 31 5F 5F 50 53 43 53"
      }
    }
```

Commit message:

updated README with compile instructions

README.md, after:

# Disclaimer

Utititools--when used incorrectly--can be used as a cheat tool for Fortnite. If you choose make bad choices, I am not legally or morrally responsible.

**Please make good choices.**

# Description

Utilitools is a simple tool I made to easily modify the files in fortnite allowing the user to place what are commonly known as "dev builds".

# How to use

I'll make this later, for right now I'm just gonna say: If you cant figure out, you dont deserve to use it.

Im using it for testing, you should also probably be using it for testing.

If you want to compile it yourself, download [bun](https://bun.sh/) and [rust](https://rustup.rs/). Open the source directory, run `bun install` then `bun run tauri dev`. (yes it takes a second to compile. Its Rust, what do you expect?)

# Offsets

If you are just here for the offsets here they are.

(This is just the .json file located in `/src-tauri/src/offsets.json`)

```
{
      "name": "full",
      "search": "CNoneSiz8StaicMshComponent0PBWA_M1_DoorC",
      "offset": "107A2169",
      "on": {
        "value": "61"
      },
      "off": {
        "value": "6F"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "titan",
      "search": "CNoneSiz3StaicMshComponent0PBWA_W1_Archway",
      "offset": "10717970",
      "on": {
        "value": "6F"
      },
      "off": {
        "value": "61"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "hubo",
      "search": "CNoneSiz6StaicMshComponent0PBWA_W1__PSCS",
      "offset": "10897164",
      "on": {
        "value": "61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 62 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 62 62 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61"
      },
      "off": {
        "value": "43 4E 6F 6E 65 53 69 7A 36 53 74 61 69 63 4D 73 68 43 6F 6D 70 6F 6E 65 6E 74 30 50 42 57 41 5F 57 31 5F 5F 50 53 43 53"
      }
    }
```
